Put ideas of things to add here:
	Fix oauth (Venmo changed something so that needs to be verified)
	Email verification (The only Brown thing is pointless if anyone can just type @brown)
	Sort Rides
    Search Rides - Should be able to search by start location, destination, time, and cost at least. Should also add something that lets passengers search for trips that don't necessarily start where they are, but the path travels through their location
	Get Referral Money from Venmo (Might be possible to just email them and ask about this if its not in the API) 
			NOTE: This might not be in the api but it's just a redirect link we can easily add, each user gets one for referrals.
				  Also, it maxes out at $340 so we might wanna find something to do about this.
				  Maybe redirect to differenct accounts everytime we reach a new 68? 
	Possibly make an option to pay with that square thing that looked very easy if you aren't connected to Venmo -- Yes this is easy with square cash
	Delete Old Rides, or potentially make a history page to show them - DONE (well it deletes rides atm)
	Allow users to delete rides that they have posted as long as no one commited to them <<DONE>>
	Possibly get the autocompleting location text boxes google maps has
	We should really have some form of authentication that actually works (we have some cookie stuff but I think we need to check cookies on every page and redirect back to the main page if the cookie doesnt exist) - <<I think this works now>>
	Mobile integration, phones and tablets

Minor Things:
	Put some verification into the Post Ride form so that we catch for poorly formatted dates/times instead of throwing an error
	We can add some more google maps information to the rides page (distance of trip, estimated time) 

Glitches (basically any thing that causes a server crash):
	Negative Dates cause a crash
	submitting an empty form for Post Ride gives errors
	cost 0 wasn't working at the hackathon, we should make sure that is possible -- REALLY? Do we want to allow free rides? (This is Nick - it might be good if people just want company for a drive or something. Any reason not to allow it?)
	
Questions:
	Who actually needs to be logged into Venmo? If I ask someone to join their ride, then log out completely, and then they accept, can I still be charged? This is unclear. Need to figure it out
